F/pull-req: Changes to PULL REQUEST docs (#13)
minerwillyuk/simple-test: Documentation/PULL_REQUESTS.md

### REVIEWS

**Conduct a Review**

Request that one or more contributers review your code prior to a pull request being merged. In fact anyone with _read_ permissions can review your changes.

> Click on the Changes Files to view which files have been added or changes. You can comment on individual lines or blocks of code. You can even add code suggestions.

Author: ```suggestion
Click on the _Changed Files_ tab to view which files have been added or changed. You can comment on individual lines or blocks of code, and even add code suggestions.
```
